feat(documentation): CDF awards blog post. (#6058)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/blog/2023/02/2023-02-22-cdf-awards.adoc

---
layout: post
title: "Jenkins Contributor Awards - Nominations Open"
tags:
- jenkins
- community
- contribute
- awards
- cdcon
authors:
- cdfoundation
- alyssat
opengraph:
image: image:/images/post-images/2023/02/22/2023-02-22-cdf-awards/image1.png
links:
discourse: true
---

image:/images/post-images/2023/02/22/2023-02-22-cdf-awards/image1.png[CDF Community Awards 2023,width=839,height=129]

> The Jenkins project is under the Continuous Delivery Foundation, which gives awards to recognize all the work that makes this community and the progress of Continuous Delivery possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Jenkins project is a part of the Continuous Delivery Foundation, which gives out awards to recognize all the work from this community and the progress made in the name of Continuous Delivery.
```
small suggestion for syntax/context

> View the Award Guidelines, Definitions, and previous winners https://github.com/cdfoundation/foundation/blob/main/CDF%20Awards%20Guidelines.md[here].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View the award guidelines, definitions, and previous winners: https://github.com/cdfoundation/foundation/blob/main/CDF%20Awards%20Guidelines.md[here].
```
small case suggestion

== 2023 Award Categories

=== CDF Awards

* Continuous Enthusiast → https://github.com/cdfoundation/foundation/issues/432[Nominate Someone]
* Top CDF Ambassador → https://github.com/cdfoundation/foundation/issues/431[Nominate Someone]
* Top CDF Contributor → https://github.com/cdfoundation/foundation/issues/430[Nominate Someone]
* Top Documenter → https://github.com/cdfoundation/foundation/issues/433[Nominate Someone]
* Top CDF End User _(Nominated by the TOC)_

=== Jenkins Awards

> * Most Valuable Jenkins Advocate → https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins.io/issues/6035[Nominate Someone]
> * Most Valuable Jenkins Contributor → https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins.io/issues/6033[Nominate Someone]
> * Jenkins Security MVP → https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins.io/issues/6034[Nominate Someone]
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Most Valuable Jenkins Advocate → https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins.io/issues/6035[Nominate someone]
* Most Valuable Jenkins Contributor → https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins.io/issues/6033[Nominate someone]
* Jenkins Security MVP → https://github.com/jenkins-infra/jenkins.io/issues/6034[Nominate someone]

```
small case suggestion

=== Tekton Awards

Last year, Tekton Graduated, which means from now on, they also get three awards!

* Most Valuable Tekton Advocate
* Most Valuable Tekton Contributor
* Tekton Security MVP

> → https://github.com/tektoncd/community/issues/961[Nominate Someone for the Tekton Awards]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
→ https://github.com/tektoncd/community/issues/961[Nominate someone for the Tekton awards]
```
case suggestion for text

=== Project Awards

> * CDEvents: Most Valuable Contributor → https://github.com/cdevents/community/issues/20[Nominate Someone]
> * Ortelius: Most Valuable Contributor → https://github.com/ortelius/ortelius/issues/555[Nominate Someone]
> * Pyrsia: Most Valuable Contributor → https://github.com/pyrsia/pyrsia/issues/1615[Nominate Someone]
> * Screwdriver: Most Valuable Contributor → https://github.com/screwdriver-cd/screwdriver/issues/2834[Nominate Someone]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CDEvents: Most Valuable Contributor → https://github.com/cdevents/community/issues/20[Nominate someone]
* Ortelius: Most Valuable Contributor → https://github.com/ortelius/ortelius/issues/555[Nominate someone]
* Pyrsia: Most Valuable Contributor → https://github.com/pyrsia/pyrsia/issues/1615[Nominate someone]
* Screwdriver: Most Valuable Contributor → https://github.com/screwdriver-cd/screwdriver/issues/2834[Nominate someone]
```
small case suggestion

Note: Each project can decide how to elect their Most Valuable Contributor.

== Nomination Process

> The nomination process takes place on GitHub to make the process open. If you don’t have a GitHub account, you can send us the nomination by email, and we will post it there on your behalf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nomination process takes place on GitHub to make the process open to all.
If you don’t have a GitHub account, you can send us the nomination by email, and we will post it there on your behalf.
```
small suggestion for formatting

> == Timeline Awards 2023

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Awards Timeline 2023
```
small suggestion for word order
